OSDOCS-17170 zero-trust pre-migration work (#104736)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-install-console.adoc

[id="zero-trust-manager-install-console_{context}"]
= Installing the {zero-trust-full} by using the web console

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the OperatorHub in the {product-title} web console to install the {zero-trust-full}. This process streamlines deployment and helps ensure the Operator is installed in the correct namespace with the appropriate installation mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Software Catalog in the {product-title} web console to install the {zero-trust-full}. This process streamlines deployment and helps ensure the Operator is installed in the correct namespace with the appropriate installation mode.
```
OperatorHub is gone.

Author: Done
